fix(quic): don't report error for gracefully closed connections (#4621)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: transports/quic/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.9.3 - unreleased

> - Close quinn's `Endpoint` with `Ok(())` when `Accept` returns `None`. See [PR 4621].

Reviewer: The changelog is written for users, not for maintainers. I think this is a good git commit message. I think for a changelog you could write something along the lines of:

> No longer report error when explicit closing of a QUIC endpoint succeeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No longer report error when explicit closing of a QUIC endpoint succeeds.
  See [PR 4621].
```

Author: yeah makes sense, thanks guys!
